Extend CEL validation (#1210)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-10-apirule-custom-resource.md

**Spec:**

| Field                                            | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Validation                                                                                             |
|:-------------------------------------------------|:--------:|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **gateway**                                      | **YES**  | Specifies the Istio Gateway it must reference actual gateway on the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Must be in `namespace/gateway` format, namespace and gateway cannot be longer than 63 characters each. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **gateway**                                      | **YES**  | Specifies the Istio Gateway. The value must reference an actual Gateway in the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | It must be in the `namespace/gateway` format. The namespace and the Gateway cannot be longer than 63 characters each. |
```
